Now, in our GitHub Actions workflows
in our jobs, we are not just dealing with artifacts,
which might be produced by our jobs,
but instead, we also have job outputs,
and it's important to understand the difference.
Artifacts are these log files or these app binaries,
which we typically wanna share with someone or something
or which we wanna analyze.
However, our jobs cannot just produce such files as outputs,
which we would then treat as artifacts,
but instead, our jobs can also output simple values
that we might wanna use in subsequent jobs.
So one job might produce some output value
that should be reused by another job.
For example, we could be dealing with a file in one job
and the name of the file matters in another job,
and because that's the case,
we want to kind of make that file name available
as a value that can be used in the other job.
So it's not the file itself necessarily
that should be made available,
but it's the name of the file we could say.
And of course, this is just one simple made up example,
it could be any kind of value
that we wanna make available across jobs,
so values that are derived in one job
and must be available in other jobs,
that could be dates, hashes, random values,
anything like that.